[Music]
we also got to make some calls
Food Network Star like Giada De
Laurentiis and melissa d'Arabian and we
also talked to our pal
made out of banner from Nickelodeon
onstage you got to be rich away anxiety
and Sunny Anderson
[Music]
absolutely I had a really fun highlight
event I was asked to do something that
was really challenging judging food made
by two culinary Titans healthy lunch
recipes made by Rachael Ray and her team
and Guy Fieri and his team so that was a
great way to kick off the day I've been
amazed by the basketball all the cooking
demos and so much going on here and it's
gonna be a blast at basketball city hmm
I think I like cooking with my kids more
than anything and they loved my Dutch
baby you know the Dutch baby is no it's
a puppy pancake that goes in the oven so
you put it in the oven and it pops up
like this so we make it vanilla and then
we make a chocolate we love it we make
that every Saturday morning every time
say you know what I love being up there
ants there were so many kids in the
audience it reminded me of being with my
own fish so much fun I love getting a
chance to meet kids just like you which
is why I'm glad we got a chance to
interview yeah thanks so much for
talking to me I can't be the man to cook
quick in my favorite meal to cook for
kids my daughter's favorite is my mac
and cheese cupcakes and I think that you
might be a fan of them because you like
cupcakes
okay well that's why I love making it as
my daughter who's four and a half her
name is Jade and she looks cupcakes
Angelo's magnifique so what I did is I
made I combined the two
yeah yes I like mac and cheese and
cupcake check out how do I see you okay
and you could put a spoonful of Nutella
in to make them a little bit Italian and
that would remind you guys of me all
right
[Music]
they checked out more of our healthy
adventures where it's an entire calm see
you later alligator